software_dev_plan.md, before:

##Purpose and Scope
######////// Overwatch Event Planner - Why it's needed.
Overwatch is a wonderful game with a healthy Esports scene. Lots of players enjoy watching the pros play and wish they could play in the same way. However it can be difficult for players to find community run competitions to play in and may find it difficult to organize a team. Also for the truly dedicated, the job of running a tournament can be daunting as well.
######////// Overwatch Event Planner - What is it?
Overwatch Event Planner is a terminal app that will provide Overwatch event organizers an easy way to create events by taking in information about players and storing them in a database. It will then use that database to create evenly matched teams with the right role distribution.<sup>[§](#myfootnote1)</sup> It will further make it easier for event planners by allowing them to record results of each round and when the event has completed it will print out the results and statistics of the match so they can be easily communicated. Finally it will help event organizers moderate and strengthen their communities by allowing them to log commendations and fouls that reported for teams which will then log them against the players. This will slowly build a dossier for the player that team managers can look to get a sense of the player for recruiting purposes.
######////// Overwatch Event Planner - Who will benefit?
Individual players will benefit by having the barrier to entry of competitive play lowered. Team managers will benefit from having a dossier on there potential recruits to give them better knowledge when recruiting. But the primary benefactor is the community builder. Players love a well run event and knowing they get a quality environment to play the game. Knowing that Players are verified ahead of time takes the pressure off emotionally wondering whether meeting new people may be a poor experience. This will draw more people to the community and having statistics available in an easy to read format makes for great social media content further advertising the community.
######////// Overwatch Event Planner - How will you use it?
It till be very simple to use, just run the app in terminal and access the features selecting intuitive menu options with a combination of enter and arrow keys. Any data entry required will be done so via the keyboard and will have clear prompts when required. There will also be flags for on launch commands that offer more powerful features like mass player entry from a single formatted text file. or to print all players info record to the screen to peruse like contact cards. By default it will show the menus.

<a name="myfootnote1">§</a>: *Overwatch is played with team of six player, there are three roles: Tank, Damage and Support. A team has two of each Role.*

Commit message:

Features section of dev plan player menu tree flowchart

software_dev_plan.md, after:

##Purpose and Scope
######////// Overwatch Event Planner - Why it's needed.
Overwatch is a wonderful game with a healthy Esports scene. Lots of players enjoy watching the pros play and wish they could play in the same way. However it can be difficult for players to find community run competitions to play in and may find it difficult to organize a team. Also for the truly dedicated, the job of running a tournament can be daunting as well.
######////// Overwatch Event Planner - What is it?
Overwatch Event Planner is a terminal app that will provide Overwatch event organizers an easy way to create events by taking in information about players and storing them in a database. It will then use that database to create evenly matched teams with the right role distribution.<sup>[§](#myfootnote1)</sup> It will further make it easier for event planners by allowing them to record results of each round and when the event has completed it will print out the results and statistics of the match so they can be easily communicated. Finally it will help event organizers moderate and strengthen their communities by allowing them to log commendations and fouls that reported for teams which will then log them against the players. This will slowly build a dossier for the player that team managers can look to get a sense of the player for recruiting purposes. The plan for inital release will be to generate simple one day tournaments played with teams of randomly assigned players.
######////// Overwatch Event Planner - Who will benefit?
Individual players will benefit by having the barrier to entry of competitive play lowered. Team managers will benefit from having a dossier on there potential recruits to give them better knowledge when recruiting. But the primary benefactor is the community builder. Players love a well run event and knowing they get a quality environment to play the game. Knowing that Players are verified ahead of time takes the pressure off emotionally wondering whether meeting new people may be a poor experience. This will draw more people to the community and having statistics available in an easy to read format makes for great social media content further advertising the community.
######////// Overwatch Event Planner - How will you use it?
It till be very simple to use, just run the app in terminal and access the features selecting intuitive menu options with a combination of enter and arrow keys. Any data entry required will be done so via the keyboard and will have clear prompts when required. There will also be flags for on launch commands that offer more powerful features like mass player entry from a single formatted text file. or to print all players info record to the screen to peruse like contact cards. By default it will show the menus.

<a name="myfootnote1">§</a>: *Overwatch is played with team of six player, there are three roles: Tank, Damage and Support. A team has two of each Role.*
